F:: Is this what life's always like for you? It feels so ... exhausting.
S:: It's routine. Think too hard about it and you go mad. That's where you get folks like Xyzzy.
F:: Well, I think you deserve a break from all this violence! Maybe it is selfish of me to say, but ...
F:: I hope the farm has shown you that you can step away from all of this, Sam. It'd be so nice if you stayed.
S:: ... it's a nice dream, Frieda. Maybe when that rift is closed for good ...
S:: ... maybe.
--
S:: Is there anything you do here for fun, Frieda?
F:: Why, lots of things - tending to the crops, making the fences-
S:: No, stop, stop - I mean actually fun. Is there anything you like doing OUTSIDE of busywork?
F:: Is it really busywork if you enjoy it?
S:: I guess it never gets boring to you, huh.
F:: Honestly, I've never thought about it too deeply till you showed up, Sam. So much beyond these farm walls ...
S:: Look, if we solve this whole alien thing, you should pop over and visit. Your mind will be blown.
F:: That's a deal! 
--
F:: Do you ever feel scared? When you're out there, fighting all those strange creatures ...
S:: What kinda question is that? Of course I do. You can't help that kinda feeling - it creeps up on you.
F:: Wow. Well, you sure don't seem it! I wish I could be as confident as you.
S:: Well, normally, the rush of wanting to, you know, stay alive, keeps me going.
S:: It's ... different here, though. 
F:: Oh?
S:: If you get hurt, Frieda, for some reason, it's ... I don't know. Like the weight of the world's on my back.
F:: Well, we are a team! So don't carry that all by yourself, got it? I've got your back too!
--
F:: I wonder if you'd be good at farming, Sam.
S:: Hm? Maybe, I don't know. I've watched you do it enough at this point, it doesn't seem hard. Tedious, maybe.
F:: But there's so much more to learn and appreciate! It's not just 'tedious', it's relaxing!
S:: I suppose that's the difference between a good and a great farmer, Frieda. And hey, you're the best I know.
F:: Aww, thank you, Sam! That means a lot!
--
S:: This'd be a lot easier if you could shoot a gun to save your life.
F:: I'm sorry, I don't know if I could ... it just seems so nerve-wracking! What if I get hurt?
S:: The stress keeps you on your toes about that kinda stuff. Maybe a bit of practice will do you good with it.
F:: Maybe when there aren't any more strange creatures, then ...?
S:: ... nah. You have a nice thing going. I don't want to ruin it for you with all this violent stuff.
--
S:: I'm sorry about all this, you know. Never meant to get you involved in all this, Frieda.
F:: It wasn't your fault, Sam! There is no need to apologize.
S:: Even so ... still, you're handling remarkably well, given the circumstances.
F:: Aww, shucks! Thank you! 
S:: I wonder. What's the most stress you've ever had to deal with before, you know ... all this?
F:: Well, one time I accidentally took an extra set of seeds from Gary's store.
S:: ... your most stressful situation was a bit of shoplifting?
F:: You weren't there to see it. It was like he was a different person entirely ... I'd never repeat that mistake.
--




immortality
death
plant lmao
i often feel as though we are directed by a higher power
impact on the world
WHAT IS YOUR LEGACY 
would you rather 
